#PresidentModiboKeita
This is a  brief profile of  the First President of Republic of Mali in West Africa when Mali take his indepence in 1960. I will be updating with some new information on this website  and  it work on  progress. The website will be updated as I added more features into it. I will be adding more information about passed presidents as they become available. Information gethering is complicated in Mali.
Makeover of this page is coming soon. We will be adding some update information about different president soon! The first president of republic of Mali Modibo Keita biography will take large part of this website. In couple weeks this website will be redesign with more information provided.Few presidents will be added with their profile.
Since most presidents in Mali do not have lot information readily available on Net, we have to collect them slowly and updated them as we goes. This oage has gone so long without updated, next couple thre will be new Website for this specific project. The two overthrough of President Malian histry will be engraved on this website as well to makr history of passage of power. Even though this is not a good memory in Mali history. We will be building this site so Mali can have it own. Presidents of Mali Page will received a fac lift soon. Next couple months I will be added JavaScript to make web page more interactive. Start adding more CSS and increase profile of other pass presidents of Mali. We will be adding more information pertinent to Newly Haed of Transition after Coup d'Etat of 2020 per Military Junct in Kati.
